what's up boys Detroit man man here and
I'm just going to do a quick old-school
recorded on the iphone team update I had
a couple cool additions a team today I
reset the team back down to the division
ten a couple of days ago and I've been
trying to climb my way back up with the
new squad so here's what it looks like
right now currently in Division eight
I've got the offense looking like this
milestone Ovechkin winter classic Crosby
and Team of the Year came on line one I
just picked these two cards up today and
I got this player to game stamp goes for
250 and I got this Datsyuk for 380 so I
was stoked about that I was able to pick
those two up so I've got them on line
two with the movember Zetterberg who's a
sleeper card for me this year he's been
so amazing out of all the versions that
I played with this year that one is the
best center performing third line is the
milestone Taylor Hall with the Beast
Bergeron can't believe I didn't play
them all year just mostly at the end in
man he's just great on faceoffs and I
score a lot of goes with them now and
third line right wing is milking we've
got Wayne Gretzky all the way down
online for I can't believe that but it's
true and out live in McKinnon at center
with the gold duchesne defense is the
hut live Chara with gold Letang line one
but live Subban with the gold sewer line
two and I've got the cut live
bouwmeester with gold Kronwall on line
three and goalie situation right now is
Team of the Year Anderson and team to
your bishop
alright boys well I just want to give
you a quick update let you know I'm
still playing a stream might be up with
on Twitch it's sac preps on twitch and
follow me on twitter at SAC preps as we
get ready for NHL 15 you might see me
online playing tonight so check it out
peace